Add Lunch Organiser project (#1747)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: org-cyf-launch/content/projects/lunch-organiser/index.md

+++
title = "Lunch Organiser"
+++

## Business problem

In CodeYourFuture's London office, we have lots of trainees on different courses. Sometimes we're running one course, sometimes we're running five. Organising lunch of them is often complicated. It involves coordinating between a lot of different people, and tracking lots of input.

The process currently is roughly:
1. Someone has to know whether there are leftovers in the kitchen from the last week - this may reduce how much we order.
2. We need to know what classes are happening, and how many people we expect to show up. (Sometimes it's just ITP, sometimes there are four other courses going on!)
3. We need to know any dietary requirements of attendees. We don't necessarily need to know _every_ dietary requirement (e.g. if we get lots of vegetarian food, that happens to cover several dietary requirements). But we do need a general idea, and _some_ are quite specific.
4. Someone is responsible for creating a lunch order online (generally from a supermarket).

> 5. A CYF staff member pays for the order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. A CYF staff member creates the order on the supermarket website and pays it.
```
